                Basic TIG / Stick Welding


 Safety
                          Read the ENTIRE IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION section at the beginning of this
                          manual including all text under subheadings therein before set up or use of this product.



                TO PREVENT SERIOUS INJURY:
                Protective gear must be worn when using the Welder; minimum shade number 10 full face shield
                (or welding mask), ear protection, welding gloves, sleeves and apron, NIOSH-approved respirator, and fire
                resistant work clothes without pockets should be worn when welding.
                Light from the arc can cause permanent damage to the eyes and skin.



  CONTROLS
                Do not breathe arc fumes.
                     • DC TIG Welding is used to weld
                       mild steel and stainless steel using
                       a TIG Rod and shielding gas.
                     • AC TIG Welding is used to weld aluminum
                       using a TIG Rod and shielding gas.
                     • Stick Welding is used to weld mild
                       steel and stainless steel using a
                       Stick Electrode without shielding gas.
                Good welding takes a degree of skill and experience.
  Wire          Practice a few sample welds on scrap before
                welding your first project. Additional practice
                periods are recommended whenever you weld:
                     • a different thickness of material
                     • a different type of material
                     • a different type of connection
                     • using a different process



  TIG / Stick
                Make practice welds on pieces of scrap to practice
                technique before welding anything of value.


                                                                                              Power
                                                                                               On

                              TO PREVENT SERIOUS INJURY,
                              FIRE AND BURNS:
                              Keep welding tip clear of grounded
                                                                                             =
Welding Tips
                              objects whenever unit is plugged
                              in and turned on.




                                                           Practice your welding
                                                            technique on scrap
                                                           pieces before welding


MAINTENANCE
                                                             anything of value.




                Page 28                      For technical questions, please call 1-800-444-3353.               Item 57812
