    d. Optional Settings:


                                                                                                 Safety
      • Press Main Control Knob to
        enter Optional Settings.

      • Turn Main Control Knob until desired
        setting appears on screen.
      • Press Main Control Knob to
        select desired setting.

      • Turn Main Control Knob to adjust setting.



                                                                                                 CONTROLS
        Available Optional Settings:

      • Run-In WFS – Adjust wire speed before it
        contacts workpiece. This setting represents
        a % of the pre-set wire feed speed (WFS).

      • Inductance – Adjust length of arc.
        Increase for more fluid puddle and flatter
        bead. Decrease for colder puddle.

      • Spot Timer – Set timer for spot welding.

      • Recall Setting – Retrieve saved settings.                                                Wire
      • Save Setting – Program up to 5 different
        configurations. Turn Main Control Knob to
        scroll between 5 available slots. Press Main
        Control Knob to access OVERWRITE MEMORY
        SETTING screen and turn Main Control Knob
        to choose YES selection. Press Main Control
        Knob to save current Welder settings.



                                                                                                 TIG / Stick
Note: The initial settings may need to be
adjusted after stopping and carefully inspecting
the weld. Proper welding takes experience.




Gas Shielded, Solid-Core Wire Only
DANGER! TO PREVENT DEATH




                                                                                                  Welding Tips
FROM ASPHYXIATION:
Do not open gas without proper ventilation. Fix gas
leaks immediately.
Shielding gas can displace air and cause rapid loss of
consciousness and death.
Shielding gas without carbon dioxide can be
even more hazardous because asphyxiation
can start without feeling shortness of breath.




                                                                                                   MAINTENANCE
1. Open gas cylinder valve all the way.

2. Set Flow Gauge to SCFH value
   indicated on Settings Chart.




  Item 57812                    For technical questions, please call 1-800-444-3353.   Page 21
