                Basic Wire Welding


 Safety
                          Read the ENTIRE IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION section at the beginning of this manual
                          including all text under subheadings therein before welding.




                TO PREVENT SERIOUS INJURY:
                Protective gear must be worn when using the Welder; minimum shade number 10 full face shield
                (or welding mask), ear protection, welding gloves, sleeves and apron, NIOSH-approved respirator, and fire
                resistant work clothes without pockets should be worn when welding.



  CONTROLS
                Light from the arc can cause permanent damage to the eyes and skin.
                Do not breathe arc fumes.
                Flux-cored wire welding is used to weld mild steel
                and stainless steel without shielding gas.
                MIG welding uses solid wire and shielding gas,
                and is used to weld mild steel and stainless steel.
                MIG welding can also be used to weld thinner
                workpieces than flux-cored welding can.
                Aluminum welding can be performed with an
                optional Spool Gun (sold separately) using
                aluminum wire and shielding gas.
  Wire          Good welding takes a degree of skill and experience.
                Practice a few sample welds on scrap before
                welding your first project. Additional practice
                periods are recommended whenever you weld:
                    •   a different thickness of material
                    •   a different type of material
                    •   a different type of connection
                    •   using a different process



  TIG / Stick
                Make practice welds on pieces of scrap to practice
                technique before welding anything of value.




                                                                                               Power
                                                                                               Switch




Welding Tips
                                TO PREVENT SERIOUS INJURY,
                                FIRE AND BURNS:
                                Keep welding tip clear of grounded
                                objects whenever unit is plugged
                                in and turned on.
                                                                                               =

MAINTENANCE
                                                            Practice your welding
                                                             technique on scrap
                                                            pieces before welding
                                                              anything of value.




                Page 18                        For technical questions, please call 1-800-444-3353.           Item 57812
