                 Welding Tips


 Safety
                A good way to test welding technique is to examine a weld’s appearance after it has cooled and the slag has been
                removed. Then, better welding can be learned by adjusting your weld technique to remedy any problems found.

                NOTICE: TIG welding is a complicated process, requiring experience and skill to achieve successful
                results. Training beyond the scope of this manual is required to TIG weld properly.

                                                        After practice welding a couple
                                                         of welding beads, STOP and
                                                           examine your weld using



  CONTROLS
                                                           the following guidelines.


                Strike Test
                     A test weld on a PIECE OF SCRAP can be                                                             clamp
                     tested by using the following procedure.              dead-blow hammer
                                                                                                            SCRAP
                    WEAR ANSI-APPROVED SAFETY GOGGLES                                                      workpiece
                            DURING THIS PROCEDURE.

                CAUTION! This test WILL damage the weld it is
                performed on. This test is ONLY an indicator of weld

  Wire
                technique and is not intended to test working welds.
                1. After two scraps have been welded together and the                                  GOOD WELD
                   weld has cooled, clamp one scrap in a sturdy vise.                              bends and is not brittle
                2. Stay clear from underneath while you strike                                                          clamp
                   the opposite scrap with a heavy hammer,                 dead-blow hammer
                                                                                                            SCRAP
                   preferably a dead-blow hammer.
                                                                                                           workpiece
                3. A GOOD WELD will deform but not break, as shown
                   on top.



  TIG / Stick
                   A POOR WELD will be brittle and snap at the
                   weld, as shown on bottom.

                                                                                                        POOR WELD
                                                                                                       snaps or cracks



                Cleaning the Weld



Welding Tips
                                                                                          Chipping
                             TO PREVENT SERIOUS INJURY:
                                                                                          Hammer
                             Continue to wear ANSI-approved
                             safety goggles and protective wear
                             when cleaning a weld.
                             Sparks or chips may fly when cleaning.
                1. A weld from flux-cored wire welding or stick
                   welding will be covered by slag. Use a chipping
                   hammer to knock this off. Be careful not                                                          Wire Brush
                   to damage the weld or base material.




MAINTENANCE
                2. Use a wire brush to further clean the weld
                   or use an angle grinder (sold separately) to
                   shape the weld.




                Page 34                      For technical questions, please call 1-800-444-3353.                      Item 57812
